README.md, before:

# Terraform Provider Scaffolding (Terraform Plugin Framework)

_This template repository is built on the [Terraform Plugin Framework](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-framework). The template repository built on the [Terraform Plugin SDK](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-sdk) can be found at [terraform-provider-scaffolding](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-scaffolding). See [Which SDK Should I Use?](https://www.terraform.io/docs/plugin/which-sdk.html) in the Terraform documentation for additional information._

This repository is a *template* for a [Terraform](https://www.terraform.io) provider. It is intended as a starting point for creating Terraform providers, containing:

- A resource and a data source (`internal/provider/`),
- Examples (`examples/`) and generated documentation (`docs/`),
- Miscellaneous meta files.

These files contain boilerplate code that you will need to edit to create your own Terraform provider. Tutorials for creating Terraform providers can be found on the [HashiCorp Learn](https://learn.hashicorp.com/collections/terraform/providers) platform. _Terraform Plugin Framework specific guides are titled accordingly._

Please see the [GitHub template repository documentation](https://help.github.com/en/github/creating-cloning-and-archiving-repositories/creating-a-repository-from-a-template) for how to create a new repository from this template on GitHub.

Once you've written your provider, you'll want to [publish it on the Terraform Registry](https://www.terraform.io/docs/registry/providers/publishing.html) so that others can use it.

## Requirements

- [Terraform](https://www.terraform.io/downloads.html) >= 1.0
- [Go](https://golang.org/doc/install) >= 1.17

## Building The Provider

1. Clone the repository
1. Enter the repository directory
1. Build the provider using the Go `install` command:

```shell
go install
```

## Adding Dependencies

This provider uses [Go modules](https://github.com/golang/go/wiki/Modules).
Please see the Go documentation for the most up to date information about using Go modules.

To add a new dependency `github.com/author/dependency` to your Terraform provider:

```shell
go get github.com/author/dependency
go mod tidy
```

Then commit the changes to `go.mod` and `go.sum`.

## Using the provider

Fill this in for each provider

## Developing the Provider

If you wish to work on the provider, you'll first need [Go](http://www.golang.org) installed on your machine (see [Requirements](#requirements) above).

To compile the provider, run `go install`. This will build the provider and put the provider binary in the `$GOPATH/bin` directory.

To generate or update documentation, run `go generate`.

In order to run the full suite of Acceptance tests, run `make testacc`.

*Note:* Acceptance tests create real resources, and often cost money to run.

```shell
make testacc
```

Commit message:

Init/v0.1.0 (#13)
* update go.mod with

* wip: initial few tweaks

* update name and version

* wip: Add flagsmith provider

* Add local go api client

* Add api client to provider

* update flag resources schema

* Add feature state value to flag resource schema

* create models to hold ds used by resource

* Implement import/read

* don't run test on draft pr

* rm -rf internal

* improve/ci: update push only: only run on master

* bump plugin framework

* Add method to convert data structure between client/terraform

* Implement read and update

* implement create and delete(exit with a msg)

* tidy up models

* implement int and bool fs value type

* refac: use environment var for master key if not found

* Add model_test

* gofmt

* refac: make flagResourceData public

* don't error on delete

* Add acceptance test

* update flagsmith go api client

* tidy up provider.go

* update examples

* generate docs

* update md description of the flag fields

* update acc test

* some cleanup

* more docs update

* update test path

* update CODEOWNERS

* remove add-content-to-project workflow

* update workflows

* move environment variable to job step

* remove extra comment

* update changelog

* update readme.md

* update example

* minor

* refac: make feature and environment computed

* Generate docs

* tidy up resource_flag

* tidy up tests

* minor

* update docs

* Add comment

* debug docs generation error

* fix docs

* revert debug changes

* typo

* update docs

README.md, after:

[![Feature Flag, Remote Config and A/B Testing platform, Flagsmith](https://github.com/Flagsmith/flagsmith/raw/main/static-files/hero.png)](https://www.flagsmith.com/)

[Flagsmith](https://www.flagsmith.com/) is an open source, fully featured, Feature Flag and Remote Config service. Use
our hosted API, deploy to your own private cloud, or run on-premise.


# Flagsmith Terraform provider

This repository hosts the terraform provider that can be used to update Feature flags in Flagsmith.

## Requirements

- [Terraform](https://www.terraform.io/downloads.html) >= 1.0
- [Go](https://golang.org/doc/install) >= 1.17

## Building The Provider

1. Clone the repository
1. Enter the repository directory
1. Build the provider using the Go `install` command:

```shell
go install
```

## Adding Dependencies

This provider uses [Go modules](https://github.com/golang/go/wiki/Modules).
Please see the Go documentation for the most up to date information about using Go modules.

To add a new dependency `github.com/author/dependency` to your Terraform provider:

```shell
go get github.com/author/dependency
go mod tidy
```

Then commit the changes to `go.mod` and `go.sum`.

## Developing the Provider

If you wish to work on the provider, you'll first need [Go](http://www.golang.org) installed on your machine (see [Requirements](#requirements) above).

To compile the provider, run `go install`. This will build the provider and put the provider binary in the `$GOPATH/bin` directory.

To generate or update documentation, run `go generate`.

Running acceptance tests require following environment variables to be set.

* FLAGSMITH_MASTER_API_KEY
* FLAGSMITH_FEATURE_NAME 
* FLAGSMITH_ENVIRONMENT_KEY
* FLAGSMITH_ENVIRONMENT_ID
* FLAGSMITH_FEATURE_ID

In order to run the full suite of Acceptance tests, run `make testacc`.

*Note:* Acceptance tests create real resources, and often cost money to run.

```shell
make testacc
```
