docs/resources/feature_state.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "flagsmith_feature_state Resource - terraform-provider-flagsmith"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Flagsmith Feature state/ Remote config value
---

# flagsmith_feature_state (Resource)

Flagsmith Feature state/ Remote config value

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "flagsmith_feature" "new_standard_feature" {
  feature_name = "new_standard_feature"
  project_uuid = "10421b1f-5f29-4da9-abe2-30f88c07c9e8"
  description  = "This is a new standard feature"
  type         = "STANDARD"
}


resource "flagsmith_feature_state" "feature_1_dev" {
  enabled         = true
  environment_key = "<environment_key>"
  feature_id      = flagsmith_feature.new_standard_feature.id
  feature_state_value = {
    type         = "unicode"
    string_value = "some_flag_value" # leave it as empty string("") if you don't want to set any value
  }

}

resource "flagsmith_segment" "device_type_segment" {
  name         = "device_type"
  project_uuid = "10421b1f-5f29-4da9-abe2-30f88c07c9e8"
  rules = [
    {
      "rules" : [{
        "conditions" : [{
          "operator" : "EQUAL",
          "property" : "device_type",
          "value" : "mobile"
        }],
        "type" : "ANY"
      }],
      "type" : "ALL"
    }
  ]
}

resource "flagsmith_feature_state" "feature_1_dev_segment_override" {
  enabled          = true
  environment_key  = "<environment_key>"
  feature_id       = flagsmith_feature.new_standard_feature.id
  segment_id       = flagsmith_segment.device_type_segment.id
  segment_priority = 0
  feature_state_value = {
    type         = "unicode"
    string_value = "segment_override_value"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `enabled` (Boolean) Used for enabling/disabling the feature
- `environment_key` (String) Client side environment key associated with the environment
- `feature_id` (Number) ID of the feature
- `feature_state_value` (Attributes) Value for the feature State. NOTE: One of string_value, integer_value or boolean_value must be set (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--feature_state_value))

### Optional

- `segment_id` (Number) ID of the segment, used for creating segment overrides
- `segment_priority` (Number) Priority of the segment overrides.

### Read-Only

- `environment_id` (Number) ID of the environment
- `feature_segment_id` (Number) ID of the feature_segment, used internally to bind a feature state to a segment
- `id` (Number) ID of the featurestate
- `uuid` (String) UUID of the featurestate

<a id="nestedatt--feature_state_value"></a>
### Nested Schema for `feature_state_value`

Required:

- `type` (String) Type of the feature state value, can be `unicode`, `int` or `bool`

Optional:

- `boolean_value` (Boolean) Boolean value of the feature if the type is `bool`
- `integer_value` (Number) Integer value of the feature if the type is `int`
- `string_value` (String) String value of the feature if the type is `unicode`.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import flagsmith_feature_state.some_flag <enviroment_client_key>,<feature_state_uuid>
```

Commit message:

Import docs were made great again

docs/resources/feature_state.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "flagsmith_feature_state Resource - terraform-provider-flagsmith"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Flagsmith Feature state/ Remote config value
---

# flagsmith_feature_state (Resource)

Flagsmith Feature state/ Remote config value

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "flagsmith_feature" "new_standard_feature" {
  feature_name = "new_standard_feature"
  project_uuid = "10421b1f-5f29-4da9-abe2-30f88c07c9e8"
  description  = "This is a new standard feature"
  type         = "STANDARD"
}


resource "flagsmith_feature_state" "feature_1_dev" {
  enabled         = true
  environment_key = "<environment_key>"
  feature_id      = flagsmith_feature.new_standard_feature.id
  feature_state_value = {
    type         = "unicode"
    string_value = "some_flag_value" # leave it as empty string("") if you don't want to set any value
  }

}

resource "flagsmith_segment" "device_type_segment" {
  name         = "device_type"
  project_uuid = "10421b1f-5f29-4da9-abe2-30f88c07c9e8"
  rules = [
    {
      "rules" : [{
        "conditions" : [{
          "operator" : "EQUAL",
          "property" : "device_type",
          "value" : "mobile"
        }],
        "type" : "ANY"
      }],
      "type" : "ALL"
    }
  ]
}

resource "flagsmith_feature_state" "feature_1_dev_segment_override" {
  enabled          = true
  environment_key  = "<environment_key>"
  feature_id       = flagsmith_feature.new_standard_feature.id
  segment_id       = flagsmith_segment.device_type_segment.id
  segment_priority = 0
  feature_state_value = {
    type         = "unicode"
    string_value = "segment_override_value"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `enabled` (Boolean) Used for enabling/disabling the feature
- `environment_key` (String) Client side environment key associated with the environment
- `feature_id` (Number) ID of the feature
- `feature_state_value` (Attributes) Value for the feature State. NOTE: One of string_value, integer_value or boolean_value must be set (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--feature_state_value))

### Optional

- `segment_id` (Number) ID of the segment, used for creating segment overrides
- `segment_priority` (Number) Priority of the segment overrides.

### Read-Only

- `environment_id` (Number) ID of the environment
- `feature_segment_id` (Number) ID of the feature_segment, used internally to bind a feature state to a segment
- `id` (Number) ID of the featurestate
- `uuid` (String) UUID of the featurestate

<a id="nestedatt--feature_state_value"></a>
### Nested Schema for `feature_state_value`

Required:

- `type` (String) Type of the feature state value, can be `unicode`, `int` or `bool`

Optional:

- `boolean_value` (Boolean) Boolean value of the feature if the type is `bool`
- `integer_value` (Number) Integer value of the feature if the type is `int`
- `string_value` (String) String value of the feature if the type is `unicode`.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import flagsmith_feature_state.some_flag <enviroment_client_key>,<feature_state_uuid>
```
