docs/resources/mv_feature_option.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "flagsmith_mv_feature_option Resource - terraform-provider-flagsmith"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Flagsmith Feature Multivariate Option
---

# flagsmith_mv_feature_option (Resource)

Flagsmith Feature Multivariate Option

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "flagsmith_feature" "feature_1" {
  feature_name = "feature_1"
  project_uuid = "10421b1f-5f29-4da9-abe2-30f88c07c9e8"
  description  = "This is a new multivariate feature"
  type         = "MULTIVARIATE"
}

resource "flagsmith_mv_feature_option" "feature_1_mv_option" {
  type                          = "unicode"
  feature_uuid                  = flagsmith_feature.feature_1.uuid
  string_value                  = "option_value_60_percent_of_the_times"
  default_percentage_allocation = 60
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `default_percentage_allocation` (Number) Percentage allocation of the current multivariate option
- `feature_uuid` (String) UUID of the feature to which the multivariate option belongs
- `type` (String) Type of the multivariate option can be `unicode`, `int` or `bool`

### Optional

- `boolean_value` (Boolean) Boolean value of the multivariate option if the type is `bool`
- `integer_value` (Number) Integer value of the multivariate option if the type is `int`
- `string_value` (String) String value of the multivariate option if the type is `unicode`

### Read-Only

- `feature_id` (Number) ID of the feature to which the multivariate option belongs
- `id` (Number) ID of the multivariate option
- `project_id` (Number) Project ID of the feature to which the multivariate option belongs
- `uuid` (String) UUID of the multivariate option

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import flagsmith_mv_feature_option.feature_1_mv_option <feature_uuid>,<mv_feature_option_uuid>
```

Commit message:

Import docs were made great again

docs/resources/mv_feature_option.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "flagsmith_mv_feature_option Resource - terraform-provider-flagsmith"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Flagsmith Feature Multivariate Option
---

# flagsmith_mv_feature_option (Resource)

Flagsmith Feature Multivariate Option

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "flagsmith_feature" "feature_1" {
  feature_name = "feature_1"
  project_uuid = "10421b1f-5f29-4da9-abe2-30f88c07c9e8"
  description  = "This is a new multivariate feature"
  type         = "MULTIVARIATE"
}

resource "flagsmith_mv_feature_option" "feature_1_mv_option" {
  type                          = "unicode"
  feature_uuid                  = flagsmith_feature.feature_1.uuid
  string_value                  = "option_value_60_percent_of_the_times"
  default_percentage_allocation = 60
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `default_percentage_allocation` (Number) Percentage allocation of the current multivariate option
- `feature_uuid` (String) UUID of the feature to which the multivariate option belongs
- `type` (String) Type of the multivariate option can be `unicode`, `int` or `bool`

### Optional

- `boolean_value` (Boolean) Boolean value of the multivariate option if the type is `bool`
- `integer_value` (Number) Integer value of the multivariate option if the type is `int`
- `string_value` (String) String value of the multivariate option if the type is `unicode`

### Read-Only

- `feature_id` (Number) ID of the feature to which the multivariate option belongs
- `id` (Number) ID of the multivariate option
- `project_id` (Number) Project ID of the feature to which the multivariate option belongs
- `uuid` (String) UUID of the multivariate option

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import flagsmith_mv_feature_option.feature_1_mv_option <feature_uuid>,<mv_feature_option_uuid>
```
