docs/resources/segment.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "flagsmith_segment Resource - terraform-provider-flagsmith"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Flagsmith Segment
---

# flagsmith_segment (Resource)

Flagsmith Segment

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "flagsmith_feature" "new_standard_feature" {
  feature_name = "new_standard_feature"
  project_uuid = "10421b1f-5f29-4da9-abe2-30f88c07c9e8"
  description  = "This is a new standard feature"
  type         = "STANDARD"
}

resource "flagsmith_segment" "device_type_segment" {
  name         = "device_type"
  project_uuid = "10421b1f-5f29-4da9-abe2-30f88c07c9e8"
  rules = [
    {
      "rules" : [{
        "conditions" : [{
          "operator" : "EQUAL",
          "property" : "device_type",
          "value" : "mobile"
        }],
        "type" : "ANY"
      }],
      "type" : "ALL"

    }
  ]

}


resource "flagsmith_segment" "new_standard_feature_specific_segment" {
  name         = "device_type"
  project_uuid = "10421b1f-5f29-4da9-abe2-30f88c07c9e8"
  feature_id   = flagsmith_feature.new_standard_feature.id
  rules = [
    {
      "rules" : [{
        "conditions" : [{
          "operator" : "EQUAL",
          "property" : "device_type",
          "value" : "mobile"
        }],
        "type" : "ANY"
      }],
      "type" : "ALL"

    }
  ]

}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the segment
- `project_uuid` (String) UUID of project the segment belongs to
- `rules` (Attributes List) Rules for the segment (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules))

### Optional

- `description` (String) Description of the segment
- `feature_id` (Number) Set this to create a feature specific segment

### Read-Only

- `id` (Number) ID of the segment
- `project_id` (Number) ID of the project
- `uuid` (String) UUID of the segment

<a id="nestedatt--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules`

Required:

- `type` (String) Type of the rule, can be of: `ALL`, `ANY`, `NONE`

Optional:

- `conditions` (Attributes List) List of Conditions for the nested Rule (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--conditions))
- `rules` (Attributes List) List of Nested Rules (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--rules))

<a id="nestedatt--rules--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.conditions`

Required:

- `operator` (String) Operator of the condition, can be one of `EQUAL`, `GREATER_THAN`, `LESS_THAN`, `LESS_THAN_INCLUSIVE` `CONTAINS`, `GREATER_THAN_INCLUSIVE`, `NOT_CONTAINS`, `NOT_EQUAL`,  `REGEX`, `PERCENTAGE_SPLIT`,  `MODULO`, `IS_SET`, `IS_NOT_SET`, `IN`

Optional:

- `property` (String) Property of the condition
- `value` (String) Value of the condition


<a id="nestedatt--rules--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.rules`

Required:

- `type` (String) Type of the rule

Optional:

- `conditions` (Attributes List) List of Conditions for the nested Rule (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--rules--conditions))

<a id="nestedatt--rules--rules--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.rules.conditions`

Required:

- `operator` (String) Operator of the condition, can be one of `EQUAL`, `GREATER_THAN`, `LESS_THAN`, `LESS_THAN_INCLUSIVE` `CONTAINS`, `GREATER_THAN_INCLUSIVE`, `NOT_CONTAINS`, `NOT_EQUAL`,  `REGEX`, `PERCENTAGE_SPLIT`,  `MODULO`, `IS_SET`, `IS_NOT_SET`, `IN`

Optional:

- `property` (String) Property of the condition
- `value` (String) Value of the condition

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import flagsmith_segment.some_segment <segment_uuid>
```

Commit message:

Import docs were made great again

docs/resources/segment.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "flagsmith_segment Resource - terraform-provider-flagsmith"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Flagsmith Segment
---

# flagsmith_segment (Resource)

Flagsmith Segment

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "flagsmith_feature" "new_standard_feature" {
  feature_name = "new_standard_feature"
  project_uuid = "10421b1f-5f29-4da9-abe2-30f88c07c9e8"
  description  = "This is a new standard feature"
  type         = "STANDARD"
}

resource "flagsmith_segment" "device_type_segment" {
  name         = "device_type"
  project_uuid = "10421b1f-5f29-4da9-abe2-30f88c07c9e8"
  rules = [
    {
      "rules" : [{
        "conditions" : [{
          "operator" : "EQUAL",
          "property" : "device_type",
          "value" : "mobile"
        }],
        "type" : "ANY"
      }],
      "type" : "ALL"

    }
  ]

}


resource "flagsmith_segment" "new_standard_feature_specific_segment" {
  name         = "device_type"
  project_uuid = "10421b1f-5f29-4da9-abe2-30f88c07c9e8"
  feature_id   = flagsmith_feature.new_standard_feature.id
  rules = [
    {
      "rules" : [{
        "conditions" : [{
          "operator" : "EQUAL",
          "property" : "device_type",
          "value" : "mobile"
        }],
        "type" : "ANY"
      }],
      "type" : "ALL"

    }
  ]

}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the segment
- `project_uuid` (String) UUID of project the segment belongs to
- `rules` (Attributes List) Rules for the segment (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules))

### Optional

- `description` (String) Description of the segment
- `feature_id` (Number) Set this to create a feature specific segment

### Read-Only

- `id` (Number) ID of the segment
- `project_id` (Number) ID of the project
- `uuid` (String) UUID of the segment

<a id="nestedatt--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules`

Required:

- `type` (String) Type of the rule, can be of: `ALL`, `ANY`, `NONE`

Optional:

- `conditions` (Attributes List) List of Conditions for the nested Rule (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--conditions))
- `rules` (Attributes List) List of Nested Rules (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--rules))

<a id="nestedatt--rules--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.conditions`

Required:

- `operator` (String) Operator of the condition, can be one of `EQUAL`, `GREATER_THAN`, `LESS_THAN`, `LESS_THAN_INCLUSIVE` `CONTAINS`, `GREATER_THAN_INCLUSIVE`, `NOT_CONTAINS`, `NOT_EQUAL`,  `REGEX`, `PERCENTAGE_SPLIT`,  `MODULO`, `IS_SET`, `IS_NOT_SET`, `IN`

Optional:

- `property` (String) Property of the condition
- `value` (String) Value of the condition


<a id="nestedatt--rules--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.rules`

Required:

- `type` (String) Type of the rule

Optional:

- `conditions` (Attributes List) List of Conditions for the nested Rule (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--rules--conditions))

<a id="nestedatt--rules--rules--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.rules.conditions`

Required:

- `operator` (String) Operator of the condition, can be one of `EQUAL`, `GREATER_THAN`, `LESS_THAN`, `LESS_THAN_INCLUSIVE` `CONTAINS`, `GREATER_THAN_INCLUSIVE`, `NOT_CONTAINS`, `NOT_EQUAL`,  `REGEX`, `PERCENTAGE_SPLIT`,  `MODULO`, `IS_SET`, `IS_NOT_SET`, `IN`

Optional:

- `property` (String) Property of the condition
- `value` (String) Value of the condition

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import flagsmith_segment.some_segment <segment_uuid>
```
